yes
josé pistón lopez is after painting
the crown a fiery career and now
face a great Mexican champion of
all the time an expense was delayed you
how do you feel for this challenge
the truth that I feel very very
excited for fighting with a necklace
as per the category that is a
ghost rope
and this is why we have not made the
otherwise nothing more
it's a game all world title of
crown everything
the world
I do not complete the best ones with same with
the people that are up
so that what I bring to die
I can do mine the ring
how have you prepared for this
contest
and I was asking that this preparation
I feel better
strategies I feel able to win
not this holds still cross of the world
as exact series of the and
revolutions
as not, well, that's what we're going to see
Saturday back
but my coach all my team is
very intensely what are we going to do the
Saturday against a bolt
nothing happens to be champion and not
I do not care who we know this is
what feels more explosive or more
most inclusive technical is I think it is
very strong I did not carry forward it
want when you appreciate when it comes to
of looking for the excited one when you try
to go down I was lowered was a fighter
that the truth is many things and that
it's based on the experience I have
I have many fights 25 fights but
all compilers strong as your record
in these 25 cops and 3 fights won
and two lost
with everything else in this fight and if this one
is fighting half of my life and I have been
given an opportunity the company and when
I'm going to waste it is not what I
I liked to do a lot and this is
opportunity is winning and opens
a new panorama in your career continues
winning the humberto we know we have
what to prove in many doors
and we know what
of what we can do then
to give him hard on Saturday and also many
thanks to adoption I never cared